I couldn't follow along with the hands-on coding for this section.

The starting project is written in an older version of React. It also didn't have Redux, React-Router installed.

I installed them and tried to make the syntax changes in the code to get the project run error free but there's still errors.

It may take a lot more effort to transform this project, hence I'm aborting the code-along.

Here are my notes for the chapter:

- This chapter covers 2 alternative approaches of redux.


Approach 1: using ContextAPI
We've seen this one in action in the contextAPI-useReducers chapter.
This approach is suitable when you have a small project with simple state management where the state updates less frequently. 
Adding redux will make the size (memory wise) of the project bigger and you'll have to ship out a lot more code
(factory code of the react packages), thus redux adds more overhead to a project. 

Cons:
ContextAPI is not suitable for managing more complex state across a bigger project. 
It's not as advanced as redux when updating the state. 
The way the react context API works is such that whenever something changes in your context
it has no way of cleverly figuring out which component that uses this context really is concerned
and which component is not. Which means that every component that uses use context
will rebuild, will re-render when you switch something in that context. No matter if it's directly effected or not.


Approach 2: Custom hook as store
This is a new pattern explored first in this chapter but it uses similar concepts 
like useState, useEffect and useMemo to build a custom store with state and dispatch (similar to redux).
So its less overhead as there is no 3rd party dependency like redux needed.
This approach is suitable for managing complex state across a larger project.
If you don't want to write your own custom store then there is a npm package out there
that has this custom hook written with the same react hooks. It has less overhead than Redux.
https://www.npmjs.com/package/use-global-hook

Cons:
Its not Redux. Redux is the more robust compared to your own custom store. 



